show_calendar = 1
show_timezones = 1
mark_today = 1
show_week_numbers = 1
close_on_unfocus = 0
external_viewer = rofi -e "%Y-%m-%d"
clock_format = %a %d %b %H:%M
force_lang = sv_SE.utf8
mainwindow_decorated = 0
mainwindow_keep_above = 1
mainwindow_sticky = 0
mainwindow_skip_taskbar = 1
mainwindow_resizable = 1
mainwindow_position = mouse
mainwindow_xoffset = 0
mainwindow_yoffset = 0
clock_label = New York
clock_tz = :America/New_York
clock_label = London
clock_tz = :Europe/London
clock_label = Stockholm
clock_tz = :Europe/Stockholm
clock_label = Bangkok
clock_tz = :Asia/Bangkok
clock_label = Hong Kong
clock_tz = :Asia/Hong_Kong
